how it looks on here the object of this
game basically is to get the rollovers
the lit rollovers in progression one
through nine once you do that you get it
to the special you like the special
another way to advance it besides
rolling over the particular roll over
such as the number two which is lit
there is these top rollovers alternate
based on various points that are scored
and and if you get one of those it'll
advance it automatically or if you
complete the target Bank here it will
advance it or it has three targets on
the side here one of these three that if
it's lit properly it will advance and
those targets actually you turn on and
off by these star rollovers here so with
that said Steve is gonna fire it up and
we'll watch a game here that little gate
that's over in there good thing there's
five balls here
i thing i forgot to mention is we do
have the glass off in this game
obviously number five obviously you want
to advance it some other means and
rolling it over because you lose the
ball on number five otherwise anyway
there it is Gottlieb Atlantis very
challenging game but yet a very fun game
lots of things to shoot at